"Empty the coins of your purse into your mind and your mind will fill your purse with coins." - Benjamin Franklin
"I must study politics and war that my sons may have liberty to study mathematics and philosophy. My sons ought to study mathematics and philosophy, geography, natural history, naval architecture, navigation, commerce, and agriculture, in order to give their children a right to study painting, poetry, music, architecture, statuary, tapestry, and porcelain." - John Adams
"Quiet people have the loudest minds" - Stephen Hawking
"Medicine is a social science, and politics is nothing else but medicine on a large scale" - Rudolf Virchow
"Against the assault of laughter, nothing can stand" - Mark Twain
"It is the end that crowns us, not the fight." - Robert Herrick
"The grass is always greener where you water it." - Anonymous
"When the pupil is ready, the teacher will come" - Chinese proverb
"If I had a flower for every time I thought of you...I could walk through my garden forever." - Alfred Tennyson
"There is geometry in the humming of the strings, there is music in the spacing of the spheres." - Pythagoras
"Laughter is like the human body wagging its tail." - Anne Wilson Schaef
"And then one day you find, ten years have got behind you; no one told when to run, you missed the starting gun" - Roger Waters
"It is a capital mistake to theorize before one has data. Insensibly one begins to twist facts to suit theories, instead of theories to suit facts" - Sir Arthur Conan Doyle
"Always move towards pain when making art." - J.M. Coetzee
"A fool flatters himself, a wise man flatters the fool." - Robert Bulwer Lytton
"Death is not extinguishing the light; it is only putting out the lamp because the dawn has come." - Rabindranath Tagore
"Don't go around saying the world owes you a living. The world owes you nothing. It was here first." - Mark Twain
"The roots below the earth claim no rewards for making the branches fruitful" - Rabindranath Tagore
"A good time to keep your mouth shut is when you're in deep water." - Sidney Goff
"If you want a place in the sun, you have to put up with a few blisters." - Abigail Van Burren
"Pause you who read this, and think for a moment of the long chain of iron or gold, of thorns or flowers, that would never have bound you, but for the formation of the first link on one memorable day." - Charles Dickens, Great Expectation
"Faith is the bird that feels the light and sings when the dawn is still dark." - Rabindranath Tagore
"There are only two ways to live your life. One is as though nothing is a miracle. The other is as though everything is a miracle." - Albert Einstein
"Don't water your weeds." - Harvey Mackay
"Life is a narrative that you have a hand in writing." - Henriette Anne Klauser
"Every man is ignorant ... just on different subjects." - Will Rogers
"I have a simple philosophy ... Fill what's empty, Empty what's full" - Anonymous
"Some people drink from the fountain of knowledge, others just gargle" - Anonymous
"Some men have thousands of reasons why they cannot do what they want to, when all they need is one reason why they can" - Willis Whitney
"O beautiful for spacious skies, For amber waves of grain." - Katharine Lee Bates
"You've gotta dance like there's nobody watching, Love like you'll never be hurt,Sing like there's nobody listening, And live like it's heaven on earth." - William Purkey
"Not all of us can do great things. But we can do small things with great love." - Mother Teresa
"The books that the world calls immoral are books that show the world its own shame." - Oscar Wilde
"Life's hard. It's even harder when you're stupid." - John Wayne
"You can never be overdressed or overeducated." -  Oscar Wilde
"I am who I am today because of the choices I made yesterday." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Mirror is my best friend because when I cry it never laughs" - Charlie Chaplin
"In the midst of winter, I found there was, within me, an invincible summer." - Albert Camus
"Have more than thou showest, speak less than thou knowest." - William Shakespeare
"Darling, nothing is final until you're dead, and even then, I'm sure God negotiates" - Ever After
"I think God in making man somewhat overestimated his ability" - Oscar Wilde
"Don't wish it was easier, wish you were better" - Jim Rohn
"Don't ever wrestle with a pig. You'll both get dirty, but the pig will enjoy it" - Cale Yarborough
"I want to be like water. I want to slip through fingers, but hold up a ship." - Michelle Williams
"Forgive. O Lord, my little jokes on you and I will forgive your big one on me" - Robert Frost
"It's the possibility that keeps me going, not the guarantee" - Nicolas Sparks
"To love and be loved is to feel the sun from both sides" - David Viscott
"Life isn't about waiting for the storm to pass; it's about learning to dance in the rain" - Vivian Greene
"Every man is a diary in which he writes one story while intending to write another. His humblest moment is when he compares the two" - Hugh B. Brown
"A witty saying proves nothing" - Voltaire
"I would rather have a mind opened by a wonder than one closed by belief" - Garry Spence
"The world is a book and those who do not travel read only one page" - Saint Augustine
"What is history but a fable agreed upon?" - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Isn't it funny how day by day nothing changes, but when you look back everything is different" - C.S. Lewis
"Know Thyself" - The Oracle at Delphi
"Atticus told me to delete the adjectives and I'd have the facts" - To kill a Mocking Bird
"I may have stopped loving you, friends; but I will never stop loving the Day I loved you" - Ruskin Bond, Room on the roof.
"Sometimes you wake up. Sometimes the fall kills you. And sometimes, when you fall, you fly" - Neil Gaiman
"That which can be asserted without evidence, can be dismissed without evidence." - Christopher Hitchens
"History doesn't repeat itself ... at best it sometimes rhymes" - Mark Twain
"There is pleasure in the pathless woods; There is rapture on the lonely shore; There is society, where none intrudes, by the deep sea and music in its roar: I love not man the less, but Nature more." - Lord Byron
"Don't let schooling interfere with your education." - Mark Twain
"To gain that worth having, it may be necessary to lose everything else" - Bernadetter Devlin
"I think there is a world market for maybe five computers" - Thomas Watson, chairman of IBM, 1943
"I shall live badly if I do not write, and I shall write badly if I do not live" - Francoise Sagan
"Time is the best teacher; unfortunately, it kills all its students" - Robin Williams
"My definition of a free society is a society where it is safe to be unpopular." - Adlai E. Stevenson Jr
"Ask not what your country can do for you; ask what you can do for your country." - John F. Kennedy
"I can be changed by what happens to me. But I refuse to be reduced by it." - Maya Angelou
"The flower that blooms in adversity is the rarest and most beautiful of all" - Walt Disney Company, Mulan
"Happiness is not an island, but a hill" - George Catlin
"If we do meet again, we'll smile indeed; If not, 'tis true this parting was well made" - William Shakespeare, Julius Caesar
"Goodnight, goodnight! parting is such sweet sorrow, That I shall say good-night till it be morrow" - William Shakespeare, Romeo and Juliet
"Sweet tears! the awful language, eloquent Of infinite affection; far too big For words" - Robert Pollok, The Course of Time
"The tears live in an onion that should water this sorrow" - William Shakespeare, Anthony and Cleopatra
"I cannot weep; for all my body's moisture scarce serves to quench my furnace-burning heart." - William Shakespeare, Henry VI
"So bright the tear in Beauty's eye, Love half regrets to kiss it dry." - Lordy Byron, Bride of Abydos
"A person who won't read has no advantage over one who can't read" - Mark Twain
"The reports of my death have been greatly exaggerated" - Mark Twain
"A poet can survive everything but a misprint" - Oscar Wilde
"My life is my message" - Mahatma Gandhi
"A fanatic is one who can't change his mind and won't change the subject" - Winston Churchill
"Your Highness, I have no need of this hypothesis" - Pierre-Simon Laplace, to Napoleon, explaining why his works on celestial mechanics made no mention of God
"God is a concept by which we measure our pain" - John Lennon
"I felt like I took the stairs and my childhood took the elevator" - Drew Barrymore
"We are just a sketch, and with time, it fills up" - Rev. Ines Knoll
"The aim of the wise is not to secure pleasure, but to avoid pain" - Aristotle
"There’s nothing to writing. All you do is sit down at a typewriter and open up a vein" - Walter Smith
"Half my life is an act of revision" - John Irving
"The single most important thing a city can do is provide a community where interesting, smart people want to live with their families" - Malcolm Gladwell
"Freedom is not worth having if it does not include the freedom to make mistakes" - Mahatma Gandhi
"In programming, the hard part isn't solving problems, but deciding what problems to solve" - Paul Graham
"If something can go wrong, it will" - Murphy's law
"All the mistakes I ever made were when I wanted to say 'no' but said 'yes' instead" - Moss Hart
"You don't drown by falling in the water. You drown by staying there" - Edwin Louis Cole
"The first fire we light is the one within" - slogan for Campfire Girls & Boys
"A ship in harbor is safe. But that's not what ships are built for" - Anonymous
"To a brave man, good and bad luck are like his left and right hand. He uses both" - St Catherine of Siena
"When you get to the end of the rope, tie a knot and hang on it" - Franklink D Roosevelt
"Formal education will make you a living. Self education will make you a fortune" - Jim Rohn
"History will be kind to me, for I intend to write it" - Winston Churchill
"Don't practice until you get it right. Practice until you can't get it wrong." - Anonymous
"Find what you love and let it kill you" - Bukowski
"The stupid neither forgive nor forget; the naive forgive and forget; the wise forgive but do not forget" - Thomas Stephen Szasz
"Rudeness is the weak man's imitation of strength" - Eric Hoffer
"Life’s tragedy is that we get old too soon and wise too late" - Benjamin Franklin
"Don't eat anything your great-grandmother wouldn't recognize as food" - Michael Pollan
"History is a mere panorama of discreet propaganda" - Anonymous
"For most of history, 'Anonymous' was a woman" - Virginia Woolf
"A man that flies from his fear may find that he has only taken a short cut to meet it" - J.R.R Tolkien, The Children of Húrin
"I don't count my sit-ups. I only start counting when it starts hurting. That is when I start counting, because then it really counts. That's what makes you a champion" - Muhammad Ali
"Everybody pities the weak; jealousy you have to earn" - Arnold Schwarzenegger
"Death is nothing else but going home to God" - Mother Teresa
"Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege" - Anonymous
"The trouble with the rat race is that even if you win, you're still a rat" - Lily Tomlin
"Art is the only way to run away without leaving home" - Twyla Tharp
"Earth laughs in flowers" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I am... a mushroom; On whom the dew of heaven drops now and then" - John Ford
"Music is the shorthand of emotion" - Leo Tolstoy
"You may delay, but time will not" - Benjamin Franklin
"The devil can cite Scripture for his purpose" - William Shakespeare, The Merchant of Venice
"When the only tool you own is a hammer, every problem begins to resemble a nail" - Abraham Maslow
"I am become death, the destroyer of worlds" - Robert J. Oppenheimer (citing the Bhagavadgita, about witnessing the world’s first nuclear explosion)
"After I’m dead I’d rather have people ask why I have no monument than why I have one" - Cato the Elder
"Even a stopped clock is right twice a day" - Proverb
"Better to light a candle than curse the darkness" - Chinese Proverb
"Two roads diverged in a wood, and I took the one less traveled by, and that has made all the difference" - Robert Frost
"When I was 5 years old, my mother always told me that happiness was the key to life.  When I went to school, they asked me what I wanted to be when I grew up.  I wrote down 'happy'.  They told me I didn't understand the assignment, and I told them they didn't understand life" - John Lennon
"Fall seven times and stand up eight" - Japanese Proverb
"If you cry because the sun has gone out of your life, your tears will prevent you from seeing the stars" - Rabindranath Tagore
"I think... if it is true that there are as many minds as there are heads, then there are as many kinds of love as there are hearts" - Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
"Men always want to be a woman's first love - women like to be a man's last romance" - Oscar Wilde, A Woman of No Importance
"Everything in the universe is a pitcher brimming with wisdom and beauty" - Rumi
"No snowflake in an avalanche ever feels responsible" - Voltaire
"Write drunk, edit sober" - Hemingway
"There is a crack in everything. That’s how the light gets in" - Leonard Cohen
"And forget not that the earth delights to feel your bare feet and the winds long to play with your hair" - Kahlil Gibran
"Almost dead yesterday, maybe dead tomorrow, but alive, gloriously alive, today." - The late Robert Jordan via Matrim Cauthon
"A society grows great when old men plant trees whose shade they know they shall never sit in" - Greek Proverb
"Don't tell me the sky's the limit when there are footprints on the moon" - Michael Jordan
"If you want to go quickly, go alone. If you want to go far, go together" - Michael Chertok
"Everybody is a genius. But if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree, it will live its whole life believing that it is stupid" - Albert Einstein
"You're better off living in the hole, looking at the palace than living in the palace and looking at the hole" - Karl Pilkington
"Politicians are like diapers; they need to be changed often and for the same reason" - Mark Twain
"Be humble, for you are of the earth. Be noble, for you are of the stars" - Serbian Proverb
"When the axe came into the woods, many of the trees said: 'At least the handle is one of us'" - Turkish proverb
"I used to think that the human brain was the most fascinating part of the body. Then I thought, 'What part of my body is telling me that?'" - Emo Philips
"Everyone has a plan until they get punched in the face" - Mike Tyson
"You can count the seeds in an orange but you can never count the oranges in a seed." - Henry Musoma, Texas A&M Professor.
"The miracle is not to walk on water but to walk on the Earth" - The Zen master Lin Chi said.
"I will prepare and some day my chance will come" - Abraham Lincoln
"The singer has everything within him. The notes come out from his very life. They are not materials gathered from outside" - Rabindranath Tagore
"Nothing ever goes away until it has taught us what we need to know" - Pema Chodron
"If we take man as he is, we make him worse. But if we take man as he should be, we make him capable of becoming what he can be" - Goethe
"Education is an admirable thing. But it is well to remember from time to time that nothing that is worth knowing can be taught" - Oscar Wilde
"The reasonable man adapts himself to the world; the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself. Therefore all progress depends on the unreasonable man" - George Bernard Shaw
"For large values of one, one equals two, for small values of two" - fortune
"What you give to others is your legacy, what you give to God are your treasures" - GBatiste
"Never give up on something that you can't go a day without thinking about" - Winston Chuchill
"I always knew looking back on my tears would bring me laughter, but I never knew looking back on my laughter would make me cry" - Cat Stevens
"It is time that we steered by the stars, not by the lights of each passing ship" - Omar Brandley
"Considering the way the world is, one happy day is almost a miracle" - Paulo Coelho
"My mother said to me, 'If you are a soldier, you will become a general. If you are a monk, you will become the pope.' Instead, I was a painter, and became Picasso" <br> - Pablo Picasso
"Too many people spend money they earned..to buy things they don’t want..to impress people that they don’t like" - Will Rogers
"There’s nowhere you can be that isn’t where you’re meant to be…" - John Lennon
"Dwell on the beauty of life. Watch the stars, and see yourself running with them" - Marcus Aurelius
"You know, I'm sick of following my dreams, man. I'm just going to ask where they're going and hook up with 'em later" - Mitch Hedberg
"I trust that everything happens for a reason, even if we are not wise enough to see it" - Oprah Winfrey
"Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds" - Albert Einstein
"A wise girl kisses but doesn't love, listens but doesn't believe, and leaves before she is left" - Marilyn Monroe
"A library is infinity under a roof" - Gail Carson Levine
"No one really knows why they are alive until they know what they'd die for" - Martin Luther King Jr
"There are some things you learn best in calm, and some in storm" - Willa Cather
"A bend in the road is not the end of the road...unless you fail to make the turn" - Anonymous
"I regret that it takes a life to learn how to live" - Jonathan Safran Foer
"We all die. The goal isn't to live forever, the goal is to create something that will" - Chuck Palahniuk
"To be bored is an insult to yourself" - Jules Renard
"Have you ever had a dream that you were so sure was real? What if you were unable to wake up from that dream? How would you know the difference between the dream world, and the real one?" — Morphius, The Matrix
"In matters of style, swim with the current; in matters of principle, stand like a rock" - Thomas Jefferson
"Laws are like cobwebs, which may catch small flies, but let wasps and hornets break through" - Jonathan Swift
"By all means, marry. If you get a good wife, you'll become happy; if you get a bad one, you'll become a philosopher" - Socrates
"Life is too important to take seriously" - Corky Siegel
"Youth is a blunder; Manhood a struggle; Old Age a regret" - Benjamin Dizzy
"I do not approve of anything that tampers with natural ignorance. Ignorance is like a delicate exotic fruit; touch it and the bloom is gone"- Oscar Wilrde, Lady Bracknell, from Act I, The Importance of Being Earnest
"Chains of habit are too light to be felt until they are too heavy to be broken" -- Warren Buffet
"The tendency to turn human judgments into divine commands makes religion one of the most dangerous forces in the world."- Georgia Harkness
"The most powerful weapon on earth is the human soul on fire."- Ferdinand Foch
"It is the first of all problems for a man to find out what kind of work he is to do in this universe" - Thomas Carlyle
"No violence, gentlemen -- no violence, I beg of you!  Consider the furniture!" - Sherlock Holmes
To be or not to be. -- Shakespeare <br>To do is to be. -- Nietzsche<br>To be is to do. -- Sartre<br>Do be do be do. -- Sinatra
"Few things are harder to put up with than the annoyance of a good example." - Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
"Training is everything.  The peach was once a bitter almond; cauliflower is nothing but cabbage with a college education." -- Mark Twain, Pudd'nhead Wilson's Calendar
"Persons attempting to find a motive in this narrative will be prosecuted; persons attempting to find a moral in it will be banished; persons attempting to find a plot in it will be shot. By Order of the Author" - Mark Twain, The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn
"There are two motives for reading a book; one, that you enjoy it; the other, that you can boast about it." - Bertrand Russell
"During the course of my life I have made provision for everything, but I forgot about death. Alas, I die unprepared." - Cesare Borgia, the statesman.
"Pardon me, sir. I did not do it on purpose" - said by: Queen Marie Antoinette after she accidentally stepped on the foot of her executioner as she went to the guillotine
"Now, now, my good man, this is no time for making enemies." - said by: Voltaire when asked by a priest to renounce Satan.
"The only certainty life contains is death." - Patricia Briggs
"Once is happenstance, twice is coincidence, the third time it’s enemy action" – A quote from Ian Fleming’s James Bond Novel Goldfinger.
"Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of." - Benjamin Franklin
"Man is least himself when he talks in his own person. Give him a mask, and he will tell you the truth." - Oscar Wilde
"Youth is the pollen that blows through the sky and does not ask why" - Stephen Vincent Benet
"I have made this letter longer than usual, because I lack the time to make it short" -  Blaise Pascal
"An inordinate fondness for beetles", J B S Haldane, response he gave when theologians asked him what could be inferred about the mind of the Creator from the works of His Creation. This is in reference to there being over 400,000 known species of beetles in the world, and that this represents 40% of all known insect species (at the time of the statement, it was over half of all known insect species).
"If u look in the mirror & don't like what u see don't blame the mirror, if u look at the world & don't like what u see don't blame the world" - Anonymous
"There are many causes that I am prepared to die for but no causes that I am prepared to kill for" - Mahatma Gandhi, The Story of My experiments with Truth, 1927
"An engagement should come on a young girl as a surprise, pleasant or unpleasant as the case may be." - Lady Bracknell, from Act I, "The Importance of Being Earnest
"Learn from the masses, and then teach them" - Mao Tse-Tung
"Grad school is the snooze button on the clock-radio of life" - Comedian John Rogers (who holds a graduate degree in physics)
"What if you slept? And what if, in your sleep, you went to heaven and there plucked a strange and beautiful flower? And what if,when you awoke,you had the flower in your hand? Ah, what then?" -  Coleridge
"Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down" - Oprah Winfrey
"The highest result of education is tolerance" -  Helen Keller
"It's not that we don't dare do things because they are difficult; rather, they are difficult because we don't dare" - Seneca
"Through love all pain will turn to medicine" -  Rumi
"I asked God for a bike, but I know God doesn't work that way. So I stole a bike and asked for forgiveness" - Al Pacino.
"Tell people there's an invisible man in the sky who created the universe, and the vast majority will believe you. Tell them the paint is wet, and they have to touch it to be sure." - George Carlin
"All men by nature desire knowledge." - Aristotle
"He who would travel happily must travel light." - Antoine de Saint-Exupery
"When a man cannot find meaning, he numbs himself with pleasure"  ― Victor Frankl
"This is no world. It is God Himself. In delusion we call it world" – Swami Vivekananda
"Ambition is like love, impatient both of delays and rivals." - Buddha
"I am dying, since you asked , so are you." - Christopher Hitchens
"The privilege of a lifetime is to become who you truly are" - C.G.Jung
"The windows of my soul I throw, wide open to the sun" - John Greenleaf Whittier
"My Best friend is a person who will give me a book I have not read" - Abraham lincoln
"The opinion of the intelligent is better than the certainty of the ignorant" - Egyptian Proverb
"The truth, it has the habit of revealing itself" - Agatha Christie
"Inside my empty bottle I was constructing a lighthouse while all the others were making ships." - Charles Simic
"You will find poetry nowhere unless you bring some of it with you" - Joseph Joubert
"What would you do if you weren't afraid?"- Spencer Johnson
"If you pick up a starving dog and make him prosperous, he will not bite you. That is the difference between dog and man." - Mark Twain
"There are far better things ahead than any we leave behind." - C. S. Lewis
"God does not play dice." - Albert Einstein
"Not only does God play dice, but... he sometimes throws them where they cannot be seen." - Stephen Hawking
"There is nothing more deceptive than an obvious fact." - Arthur Conan Doyle
"People laughed at me when I said I wanted to be a comedian. Well, they're not laughing now." - Bob Monkhouse
"And God saw that it was good. And God blessed them, saying 'Be fruitful and multiply." - Genesis 1:21,22
"A society's competitive advantage will come not from how well its schools teach the multiplication and periodic table, but from how well they stimulate imagination and creativity" - Albert Einstein
"Bear in mind that the wonderful things you learn in your schools are the work of many generations, produced by enthusiastic effort and infinite labor in every country of the world. All this is put into your hands as your inheritance in order that you may receive it, honor it, add to it, and one day faithfully hand it to your children." - Albert Einstein, 1934
"The only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision" - Helen Keller
"Who would ever think that so much went on in the soul of a young girl?" - Anne Frank
"Absence of evidence is not evidence of absence" - Carl Sagan
"To repeat what others have said, requires education; to challenge it, requires brains." - Mary Pettibone Pool
"It is far more difficult to murder a phantom than a reality." ― Virginia Woolf, born today 1882
"Show me your search history, and I'll find something incriminating or something embarrassing there in five minutes." - Mikko Hypponen, on why you should care about NSA surveillance
"A guy who builds a nice chair doesn't owe money to everyone who ever has built a chair." - The Social Network
"You might never fail on the scale I did, but some failure in life is inevitable. It is impossible to live without failing at something, unless you live so cautiously that you might as well not have lived at all – in which case, you fail by default." - J.K Rowling
"I can understand wanting to have a million dollars, but once you get beyond that, I have to tell you, it's the same hamburger." - Bill Gates
"If slaughterhouses had glass walls, everyone would be a vegetarian." - Paul McCartney
"May this night carry my will. And may these old mountains forever remember this night. May the forest whisper my name. And may the storm bring these words to the end of all worlds" - Ihsahn
"In the end, only three things matter: how much you loved, how gently you lived, and how gracefully you let go of things not meant for you." - Buddha
"Failure is a signpost to turn you in another direction." -  Oprah
"Anyone can sympathise with the sufferings of a friend, but it requires a very fine nature to sympathise with a friend's success." - Sebastian Melmoth
"If you want to build a ship, don't drum up people to collect wood and don't assign them tasks and work, but rather teach them to long for the endless immensity of the sea."- Antoine de Saint Exupéry
"Loneliness is only an opportunity to cut adrift and find yourself. In solitude you are least alone." -Bruce Lee
"Somewhere in the world someone is training when you are not. When you race him, he will win." - Tom Fleming
"When she transformed into a butterfly, the caterpillars spoke not of her beauty but of her weirdness. They wanted her to change back into what she always had been. But she had wings." - Dean Jackson
"I don't know where I'm going, But I'm on my way" - Carl Sagan
"Romance is the privilege of the rich, not the profession of the unemployed. The poor should be practical and prosaic." - from 'The Model Millionaire' by Oscar Wilde
"Every heart sings a song, incomplete, until another heart whispers back" - Plato
"Mathematics, rightly viewed, possesses not only truth, but supreme beauty—a beauty cold and austere, like that of sculpture, without appeal to any part of our weaker nature, without the gorgeous trappings of painting or music, yet sublimely pure, and capable of a stern perfection such as only the greatest art can show." - Bertrand Russell
"Vision without execution is hallucination." ― Thomas Edison
"Men know life too early; women know life too late--that is the difference between men and women." -  Oscar Wilde
"Any intelligent fool can make things bigger and more complex. It takes a touch of genius - and a lot of courage to move in the opposite direction." - Einstein
"The scientist does not study nature because it is useful to do so. He studies it because he takes pleasure in it, and he takes pleasure in it because it is beautiful." - Poincaré
"If people do not believe that mathematics is simple, it is only because they do not realize how complicated life is." - John von Neumann
"I know not with what weapons World War III will be fought, but World War IV will be fought with sticks and stones." - Albert Einstein
"When words run dry, he does not try, nor do I. We are on par. He just is, I just am and we just are." - Lang Leav
"The morning always has a way of creeping up on me and peeking in my bedroom windows. The sunrise is such a pervert." -  Jarod Kintz
"By plucking her petals, you do not gather the beauty of the flower. - " Rabindranath Tagore
"I sometimes think that people’s hearts are like deep wells. Nobody knows what’s at the bottom. All you can do is imagine by what comes floating to the surface every once in a while." - Blind Willow, Sleeping Woman
"The truth is generally seen, rarely heard." — Baltazar Gracian (1601-1658)
"I am able to love my god because He gives me freedom to deny him." - Rabindranath Tagore
"The pain of discipline is far less than the pain of regret" - Sarah Swimmer
"Poetry is a packsack of invisible keepsakes." - Carl Sandburg
"A roll of the dice will never abolish chance." — Stéphane Mallarmé
"You must have chaos within you to give birth to a dancing star." ― Friedrich Nietzsche
"Ignorance more frequently begets confidence than does knowledge" –Charles Darwin
"A human being should be able to change a diaper, plan an invasion, butcher a hog, conn a ship, design a building, write a sonnet, balance accounts, build a wall, set a bone, comfort the dying, take orders, give orders, cooperate, act alone, solve equations, analyze a new problem, pitch manure, program a computer, cook a tasty meal, fight efficiently, die gallantly. Specialization is for insects." -Robert A. Heinlein"
"If there is meaning in life at all, then there must be meaning in suffering." - Victor. E Frankl
"So many books, so little time" - Frank Zappa
"I am so clever that sometimes I don't understand a single word of what I am saying" - Oscar Wilde
"A woman is like a tea bag; you never know how strong it is until it's in hot water." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect." - Mark Twain
"All that is gold does not glitter,<br>Not all those who wander are lost;<br>The old that is strong does not wither,<br>Deep roots are not reached by the frost.<br>" - J.R.R. Tolkien, The Fellowship of the Ring
"The universe is a continuous web. Touch it at any point and the whole web quivers." - Stanley Kunitz
"If you're not paying for something, you're not the customer; you're the product being sold." - Andrew Lewis
"There are only two tragedies in life: one is not getting what one wants, and the other is getting it." - Oscar Wilde
"Respect yourself enough to walk away from anything that no longer serves you, grows you, or makes you happy." - Robert Tew
"Do something instead of killing time. Because time is killing you." - Paulo Coelho
"Tis better to have loved and lost. Than never to have loved at all." ― Alfred Tennyson, In Memoriam
"so I wait for you like a lonely house, till you will see me again and live in me. Till then my windows ache." ― Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets
"I love you as certain dark things are to be loved, in secret, between the shadow and the soul." ― Pablo Neruda, 100 Love Sonnets
"I choose to love you in silence, because in silence I find no rejection, and in silence no one owns you but me" - Anonymous
"You make me want to be a better person" - As Good as it Gets (1997)
"After all this time?<br>'Always!'"<br>- Snape to Dumbledore, Harry Potter
"Not only did I love her, but I could tell the universe loved her, too. More than others. She was different. After all, I would be a fool not to notice the way the sunshine played with her hair" - Christopher Poindexter
"This too, shall pass" - Bible
"What day is it?<br>'It's today', squeaked Piglet<br>'My favorite day', said Pooh"<br> - A.A. Milne
"Let the beauty of what you love be what you do." - Rumi
"Don't worry about failure; you only have to be right once" - Drew Houston, Dropbox CEO & Founder
"You can't cross the sea merely by standing and staring at the water."- Rabindranath Tagore
"What the caterpillar calls the end of the world, the master calls a butterfly." - Richard Bach
"Don't try to lose weight. Take delight in gaining fitness." - Alan Cohen
"Married men live longer than single men. But married men are a lot more willing to die." - Johnny Carson
"If you're the most intelligent person in the room . . . you're in the wrong room." - James D Watson.
"The world is full of nice people. If you  can't find one, be one" - Nishan Panwar
"Love me when I least deserve it because that is when I really need it " - Swedish Proverb
"May you grow like an onion, with your head in the ground." — Old Yiddish Curse
"If your ship doesn't come in, swim out to meet it." - Jonathan Winters
"Nothing will come of nothing" - William Shakespeare, King Lear
"Man is equally incapable of seeing the nothingness from which he emerges and the infinity in which he is engulfed." - Blaise Pascal, Pensées, The Misery of Man Without God
"Computing is like air conditioning it gets ineffective as you open Windows" - Linus Torvalds
"It is not God that is worshipped but the authority that claims to speak in His name. Sin becomes disobedience to authority not violation of integrity."― Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan
"I will, in fact, claim that the difference between a bad programmer and a good one is whether he considers his code or his data structures more important. Bad programmers worry about the code. Good programmers worry about the data structures and their relationships. " - Linus Torvalds (creator of Linux)
"You know you're in love when you can't fall asleep because reality is finally better than your dreams" - Dr. Seuss
"Just consider how terrible the day of your death will be. Others will go on speaking, and you will not be able to argue back. " - Ram Mohun Roy
"Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so." ― Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
"I am a Quantum Engineer, but on Sundays I Have Principles" - John Bell
"The larger the island of knowledge, the longer the shoreline of wonder." -- Ralph Sockman
"Showing up is 80 percent of life" - Woody Allen
"Why make things difficult, when it is possible to make them cryptic and totally illogical, with just a little bit more effort?" - Aksel Peter Jørgensen
"School is the advertising agency which makes you believe that you need the society as it is."-  Ivan Illich
Feed the masses, eat with the classes.
"You are the average of the five people you spend the most time with." - Jim Rohn
"We build too many walls and not enough bridges." - Sir Isaac Newton
"If I have lost every friend on earth, I shall have one friend left down inside me" - Abraham Lincoln
"A chattering bird builds no nest " - African Proverb
"A book is like a garden carried in the pocket" - Chinese Proverb
"No one can make you feel inferior without your consent" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"If I am not for myself, who will be?" - Pirke Avoth
"You have to expect things of yourself before you can do them" - Michael Jordan
"Every man has his peculiar ambition" - Abraham Lincoln
"Everyone lives by selling something" - Robert Louis Stevenson
"Good fences make good neighbours" - Robert Frost
"The wastebasket is a writer's best friend" - Issac Bashevis Singer
"To have great poets there must be great audiences too" - Walt Whitman
"I don't know the key to success, but the key to failure is trying to please everybody" - Bill Cosby
"No army can withstand the strength of an idea whose time has come" - Victor Hugo
"The memories of men are too frail a thread to hang history from" - John Still
"A man's rootage is more important than his leafage" - Woodrow Wilson
"Those who cannot remember the past are condemned to repeat it" - George Santayana
"When it  is dark enough, you can see the stars" - Charles A. Beard
"Nature never did betray the heart that loved her" - William Wordsworth
"The bluebird carries the sky on his back" - Henry David Thoreau
"Women can do everything; men can do the rest." - Russian proverb
"I shall persevere in spite of everything, and find my own way through it all, and swallow my tears" - Anne Frank
"Comedy is simply a funny way of being serious" - Peter Ustinov
"Laughter is the shortest distance between two people" - Victor Borge
"With has truth in it, wise-cracking is simply calisthenics with words" - Dorothy Parker
"I'm not afraid to die. I just don't want to be there when it happens" - Woody Allen
"A man does not have to be an angel in order to be a saint" - Albert Schweitzer
"Conscience reigns but it doesn't govern" - Paul Valery
"You cannot make a crab walk straight" - Aristophanes
"Too much agreement kills a chat" - Eldridge Cleaver
"God has given you one face, and you make yourself another" - William Shakespeare
"I hear and I forget. I see and I remember. I do and I understand." - Chinese Proverb
"Education is not the filling of a pail, but he lighting of a fire" - William Butler Yeats
"Happiness to a dog is what lies on the other side of a door" - Charleton Ogburn, Jr.
"The teeth are smiling, but is the heart?" - African Proverb
"I just wanted to make a difference, however small, in the world" - Arthur Ashe
"Being a hero is about the shortest lived profession on earth" - Will Rogers
"Greatness is a road leading towards the unknown" - Charles de Gaulle
"Worries go down better with soup than without" - Jewish Proverb
"Every artist was first an amateur" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"I dream my painting, and then I paint my dream" - Vincent van Gogh
"Advertising is legalized lying" - H.G. Wells
"A friend is one before whom I may think aloud" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"When the mind is thinking, it is talking to itself" - Plato
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration" - Thomas Alva Edison
"There are people who have money and people who are rich" - Coco Chanel
"Everybody is ignorant, only on different subjects" - Will Rogers
"Every path has its puddle" - Anonymous
"Don't look where you fall, but where you slipped" - African Proverb
"Bad is never good until worse happens" - Danish poverb
"The price spoils the pleasure" - French proverb
"Fall seven times, stand up eight" - Japanese proverb
"Listen or thy tongue will keep thee deaf" - Native-American proverb
"Someday, we'll run into each other again. I know it. Maybe I'll be older and smarter and just plain better. If that happens, that's when I'll deserve you. But now, at this moment, you can't hook your boat to mine, because I'm liable to sink us both." - Gabrielle Zevin, Memoirs of a Teenage Amnesiac
"Sufism has taught me that just as the rain and the sun do not differentiate between people,neither should we." - A.R Rahman
"I would rather die standing than live on my knees" - Charlie Hebdo's Editor Stephane 'Charb' Charbonnier.
"Love is but the discovery of ourselves in others, and the delight in the recognition." - Alexander Smith
"If you've got nothing to dance about, find a reason to sing." ― Melody Carstairs
"Yesterday I was clever, so I wanted to change the world. Today I am wise, so I am changing myself." -  Rumi
"I need the starshine of your heavenly eyes, after the day's great sun" - Charles Hanson Towne
"To love would be an awfully big adventure." - J.M. Barrie (Peter Pan)
"Any man who can drive safely while kissing a pretty girl is simply not giving the kiss the attention it deserves." - Albert Einstein
"When people get used to preferential treatment, equal treatment feels like discrimination." - Thomas Sowell
"What you can do today can improve all your tomorrows" - Ralph Marston
"If you don't build your dream, someone else will hire you to help them build theirs" - Dhirubhai Ambani
"Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live." - John F. Woods
"And God said 'Love Your Enemy,' and I obeyed him and loved myself." -  Kahlil Gibran, The Broken Wings
"An expert is a person who has made all the mistakes that can be made in a very narrow field." - Neil Bohr
"Memento mori (remember that you have to die)" - medieval Latin Christian theory
"vulnerant omnes, ultima necat (they all wound, and the last kills)"  - Lain motto
"Religion is the opium of the people" - Karl Marx
"Whilst Man, however well-behaved, At best is but a monkey shaved!” - Charles Darwin, The Origin of Species
"Truth is more likely to emerge from error than from vagueness." -  Thomas Huxley
"A common man marvels at uncommon things. A wise man marvels at the commonplace." - Confucius
"We all come out from Gogol's 'Overcoat'."- Fyodor Dostoevsky
"It sometimes seems as if curbing entropy is our quixotic purpose in this universe." - James Gleick
"Those who promise us paradise on earth never produced anything but a hell" - Karl Popper
"If the gods are insulted let them see to it themselves" - Tiberius
"All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way" - Leo Tolstoy, Anna Karenina
"Well, the people I would say. There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?" - Jonas Salk when asked who owned the patent on his vaccine for polio
"Medicine is a social science, and politics is nothing more than medicine on a large scale" - Rudolf Virchow
"Who knows whence this creation had its origin?<br>He, whether He fashioned it or whether He did not,<br>He, who surveys it all from the highest heaven,<br>He knows—or maybe even He does not know" - Rig Veda, X.129
"If people are not laughing at your goals, your goals are too small" - Azim Premji
"The tree that would grow to heaven must send its roots to hell" - Frederick Nietzsche
"Outside of a dog, a book is man's best friend. Inside of a dog it's too dark to read" - Groucho Marx
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work" - Thomas Edison
"Some people never go crazy. What truly horrible lives they must lead" - Charles Bukowski
"Do one thing every day that scares you" - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Go to heaven for the climate and hell for the company" - Benjamin Franklin Wade
"I am free of all prejudice. I hate everyone equally" - W.C. Fields
"When you light a candle, you also cast a shadow" - Ursula K. Le Guin
"Light is the left hand of darkness, and darkness the right hand of light. Two are one, life and death, lying, together like lovers in kemmer, like hands joined together, like the end and the way" -  Ursula K. Le Guin, The Left Hand of Darkness
"In God we trust, all others must bring data" - W. Edwards Deming
"dil nā-umīd to nahīñ,<br>nākām hī to hai,<br>lambī hai ġham kī shaam,<br>magar shaam hī to hai" - Faiz Ahmed Faiz <br>(Translation: I haven't lost hope,<br>but just a fight,<br>that's all;<br>the night of suffering lengthens,<br>but it is just a night, that’s all)
"What's in a name? that which we call a rose By any other name would smell as sweet" - William Shakespeare
"All photographs are accurate. None of them is the truth" - Richard Avedon
"They see only their own shadows, or the shadows of one another, which the fire throws on the opposite wall of the cave?" - Plato
"The Universe is under no obligation to make sense to you" -Neil DeGrasse Tyson
"Cancer is a tremendous opportunity to have your face pressed right up against the glass of your mortality" - Jason Shinder
"If you think you understand quantum mechanics, you don't understand quantum mechanics" - Richard Feynman
"It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness, it was the epoch of belief, it was the epoch of incredulity, it was the season of light, it was the season of darkness, it was the spring of hope, it was the winter of despair" - Charles Dickens
"Put all good eggs in one basket and then watch that basket" - Andrew Carnegie
"A borrowed fiddle does not finish a tune" - Zimbabwean proverb
"The wise man listens to meaning; the fool only gets the noise" - C. P. Cavafy
"Man is born free, but he is everywhere in chains" - Jean Jacques Rousseaun
"Owners of dogs will have noticed that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they will think you are god. Whereas owners of cats are compelled to realize that, if you provide them with food and water and shelter and affection, they draw the conclusion that they are gods" - Christopher Hitchens
"I don't want to believe. I want to know" - Carl Sagan
"Agnostics are just atheists without balls" - Stephen Colbert
"Rituals are the kindergarten of religion. They are absolutely necessary for the world as it is now; only we shall have to give people newer and fresh rituals. A party of thinkers must undertake to do this. Old rituals must be rejected and new ones substituted" - Swami Vivekananda
"No one ever reads a book. He reads himself through books, either to discover or to control himself" - Romain Rolland
"A musician must make music, an artist must paint, a poet must write, if he is to be ultimately at peace with himself. What a man can be, he must be" - Abraham Maslow
"A man hears what he wants to hear, and disregards the rest" - Paul Simon
"The evolution of the human body resembles that of British constitution. It's full of relics of the past, as curious as the judges' wigs or the city companies, but for most of these vestiges a new function has been evolved" - J B S Haldane
"Billions of years from now, our Sun, then a distended red giant star, will have reduced Earth to a charred cinder. But the Voyager record will still be largely intact, in some other remote region of the Milky Way galaxy, preserving a murmur of an ancient civilization that once flourished ... perhaps before moving on to greater deeds and other worlds on the distant planet Earth" - Carl Sagan
"[S]ince brevity is the soul of wit, And tediousness the limbs and outward flourishes, I will be brief" - Shakespeare
"Most people use statistics like a drunk man uses a lamppost; more for support than illumination" - Andrew Lan
"By convention sweet is sweet, by convention bitter is bitter, by convention hot is hot, by convention cold is cold, by convention colour is colour. But in reality there are atoms and the void. That is, the objects of sense are supposed to be real and it is customary to regard them as such, but in truth they are not. Only the atoms and the void are real" - Democritus of Abdera
"Nationalism is an infantile disease. It is the measles of mankind" - Albert Einstein
"There was a young fellow from Trinity,<br>Who took the square root of infinity.<br>But the number of digits,<br>Gave him the fidgets;<br>He dropped Math and took up Divinity" - George Gamow
"Spend as much time looking at what’s in your portfolio as you would booking your next vacation" - Winnie Sun
"Who Controls the Past Controls the Future" - George Orwell, 1984.
"A vision without a strategy remains an illusion" - Lee Bolman
"Never make fun of someone is they mispronounce a word. It means they learned it by reading" - Anonymous
"There are only two kinds of programming languages: those people always bitch about and those nobody uses" - Bjarne Stroustrup
"Talk is cheap. Show me the code" - Linus Torvalds
"If you optimize everything, you will always be unhappy" - Donald Knuth
"It’s not a bug; it’s an undocumented feature" - Anonymous
"Shall I refuse my dinner because I do not fully understand the process of digestion?" - Oliver Heaviside (1850-1925) English physicist
"There are in fact two things, science and opinion; the former begets knowledge, the latter ignorance" - Hippocrates
"We see only what we know" - Johann Wolfgang von Goethe (1749-1832) German poet, dramatist
"I do not like it, and I am sorry I ever had anything to do with it" - Erwin Schrödinger (1887-1961) Austrian physicist. Nobel Prize, 1933. Speaking of quantum mechanics
"Those who are not shocked when they first come across quantum mechanics cannot possibly have understood it" - Niels Henrik David Bohr (1885-1962) Danish physicist
"A man gazing at the stars is proverbially at the mercy of the puddles in the road" - Alexander Smith, (The image of the astronomer walking at night while looking at the stars, stumbling into an open well, goes back to the ancient Greeks.)
"Theory guides. Experiment decides" - Anonymous
"All true knowledge contradicts common sense" - Mandell Creighton
"Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind" - Albert Einstein
"Happy is he who gets to know the reasons for things" - Virgil (70-19 BCE) Roman poet
"True science teaches us to doubt and, in ignorance, to refrain " - Claude Bernard (1813-78) French physiologist
"Scientists are explorers. Philosophers are tourists " - Richard Feynman
"Genius is one percent inspiration and ninety-nine percent perspiration" - Thomas Alva Edison
"Chance favors the prepared mind" - Louis Pasteur
"Science is the record of dead religions" - Oscar Wilde (Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills)
"There are no creeds in mathematics" - Peter F. Drucker
"The word god is for me nothing more than the expression and product of human weaknesses, the Bible a collection of honourable, but still primitive legends which are nevertheless childish" - Albert Einstein, in a 1954 letter to philosopher Eric Gutkind
"There was a young lady named Bright,<br>Whose speed was far faster than light;<br>She started one day<br>In a relative way,<br>And returned on the previous night" - A. H. Reginald Buller in Punch (19 December 1923)
"There's no system foolproof enough to defeat a sufficiently great fool" - Edward Teller, quoted in "Nuclear Reactions", by Joel Davis in Omni, May 1988
"Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell" - Edward Abbey
"For instance, on the planet Earth, man had always assumed that he was more intelligent than dolphins because he had achieved so much—the wheel, New York, wars and so on—whilst all the dolphins had ever done was muck about in the water having a good time. But conversely, the dolphins had always believed that they were far more intelligent than man—for precisely the same reasons" -  Douglas Adams, The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy
"Practical politics consists in ignoring facts" - Henry Adams
"When people talk of the freedom of writing, speaking or thinking I cannot choose but laugh. No such thing ever existed. No such thing now exists; but I hope it will exist. But it must be hundreds of years after you and I shall write and speak no more" - John Adams, Letter to Thomas Jefferson
"History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided" - Konrad Adenauer
"log log log x goes to infinity with great dignity" - Daniel Shanks
"Wherever you go becomes a part of you somehow" - Anita Desai
"Fascism is cured by reading, and racism is cured by traveling" - Miguel de Unamuno
"No matter who you are, no matter what you do, no matter who your audience is: 30 percent will love it, 30 percent will hate it, and 30 percent won’t care. Stick with the people who love you and don’t spend a single second on the rest. Life will be better that way"- James Altucher
"Any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic" - Arthur C. Clarke
"Raise your words, not voice. It is rain that grows flowers, not thunder" - Rumi
"Science is the most reliable guide in life" - Mustafa Kemal Ataturk
"The prison cannot be changed as long as the old basis of suppression and isolation is maintained" - Frank Tannenbaum
"Our scientific power has outrun our spiritual power. We have guided missiles and misguided men" - Martin Luther King, Jr.
"Prediction is very difficult, especially if it's about the future" - Niels Bohr
"Brain cells create ideas. Stress kills brain cells. Stress is not a good idea." - Benjamin Franklin
"Never interrupt an enemy when he is making a mistake." - Napoleon Bonaparte
"Alice: How long is forever? White Rabbit: Sometimes, just one second." - Lewis Carrol
"Respect for religion has become a code phrase meaning 'fear of religion.' Religions, like all other ideas, deserve criticism, satire, and, yes, our fearless disrespect." - Salman Rushdie
"My wish is to stay always like this, living quietly in a corner of nature" - Claude Monet
"I took a walk in the woods and came out taller than the trees" - Henry David Thoreau
"Archimedes will be remembered when Aeschylus is forgotten, because languages die and mathematical ideas do not. 'Immortality' may be a silly word, but probably a mathematician has the best chance of whatever it may mean." - G H Hardy, A Mathematician's Apology
"करत-करत अभ्यास के, जड़मति होत सुजान।<br>रसरी आवत जात ते, सिल पर परत निसान॥" (By practicing and practicing, even a dull person becomes wise.<br>As the rope is worn by its passage through the stone, so a mark is left by the passage of time)
"Dear sleep, I’m sorry we broke up this morning. I want you back!" - Anonymous
"Good company in a journey makes the way seem shorter" - Izaak Walton
"Life is a storm, my young friend. You will bask in the sunlight one moment, be shattered on the rocks the next. What makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes. You must look into that storm and shout as you did in Rome. Do your worst, for I will do mine! Then the fates will know you as we know you" - Alexandre Dumas, The Count of Monte Cristo
"He who doesn't fear death dies only once" - Giovanni Falcone
"I would never die for my beliefs because I might be wrong" - Bertrand Russell
"The more the universe seems comprehensible, the more it also seems pointless" - Stephen Weinberg
"An equation for me has no meaning, unless it expresses a thought of God" ― Srinivasa Ramanujan
"We're all going to die, all of us, what a circus! That alone should make us love each other but it doesn't. We are terrorized and flattened by trivialities, we are eaten up by nothing." - Charles Bukowski
"A man is what he thinks about all day long" - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"If there is no possible way to determine whether a statement is true then that statement has no meaning whatsoever. For the meaning of a statement is the method of its verification." - Friedrich Waismann
"What I cannot create, I do not understand" - Richard Feynman
